the connective tissue tells the puzzle
what to do i'm gonna i'm going to
demonstrate what i show to medical
students which is that there is a facial
connection from the head to the dump so
if you if you stand and i just bend my
foot you can see I dorsiflex a
reasonable doubt but if with my legs
straight I don't dorsiflex as far the
gastrin Amyas crosses the knee joint
when it relax the gastrin amias it's
just the soleus that's blocking movement
but down here it's the gastrin amias and
blocks the moment we all understand that
on the other hand when I put the leg in
the same position this way as when I was
standing straight guess what there's
less movement at the ankle when my hip
is flexed to ninety degrees that
topographically we cannot understand how
the spine and the pelvis functions
because we need a functional approach
and that functional approach actually
means that our classification
topographically in structures who are in
the front or structures who are in the
back actually and here's the big word
for the schools are connected so here
you say from right heel strike to right
he'll strike transversus never turns off
its not just a simple mechanism of
stiffen your spine and keep it upright
function involves dynamic control and
what you can see here is two alleged
runners this person on the left is
clearly able to keep their spine upright
but they're not moving it this person is
allowing dynamic motion between the
shoulders and the pelvis the myofascial
system is required to provide control
not just fixing the spine in space but
allowing it to move there is no
experimental or theoretical evidence
that barefoot running has or should have
less injuries and children
nobody knows may the better attorney has
more or less injuries nobody the
conclusion from this study is your
tendons develop while you're growing
after you're 18 there is not much of a
turnover of your tendon unless you have
an injury so you always have fibers
around the region here here are some
fibers here are five hours and then you
have to decide as another pedic surgeon
which ones is important in which nerves
it's such a nonspecific treatment that
we have to think about in his prendre de
previously this morning that there are
some negative effects to the use of
insane so a study that pointed that out
that's been largely unaggressive study
done by Rick Lieber in his group in 1995
sports can not only change your brain it
cannot only change your muscles but it
can also change the eye texture of the
connective tissue so connective tissue
tells the muscle what to do
you